So in this video we will have a look at the database file, Java file and the log in file log in class
will help us to create the login page and check whether the login details are valid or not.
While the database database file on Java will be used to connect with the multiple tables in our database
with our project.
So let's move on the debate on file.
So we have already talked about this connection method.
We will be moving forward after this connection method in this class.
So.
Here is the next method that is public static add product to database.
So this method will be called whenever we want to add a product to our database.
This method is taking parameters like ID or a string type or detail of a string type or company and
quantity of integer type.
Now inside this method, we have called our connection method DB connection method and creates created
the instance of connection with the help of our DB connection method, which we have just discussed
in our previous video.
After that, inside this method, we have created a gas block.
Inside the trip block.
We have defined the statement instance by using our connection instance.
And the method create statements that this will be creating the statement and stance.
After that, we have called execute update query, which will help us to update the database and insert
the values in our table so inside which we have passed that insert into stock.
So this will be inserting values in our stock table, which we have created in our last video, and
values inside the values we have passed the ID details, company and quantity.
So if you remember, these are also the columns of our stock table.
So this will add those details which will be parsed here as the argument.
Those are ID details, company and quantity after that, if that will be successful.
So we will be showing a dialog box with the help of option pane.
So message dialog box product added to the database, that will be the dialog box shown.
After that, we have closed the connection by using the dot closed method on our connection instance
inside the cache block we will be handling if any such exception occurs and we will be showing it by
with the help of our dialog box.
Now the next method is update to database.
So this method will be called whenever we want to update the details of any product in our database.
It is also taking the similar parameters like a string ID, string details, a string company and end
quantity.
After that, inside which we have created the instance of the connection type by using our DB connection
method.
After that we have created the statement instance with the help of DOT created a statement.
After that we have defined a status inside which we have assigned the execution of the update query
with the help of statement instance inside which we have passed the query.
The query here is update stock set values.
These are the query for the SQL to update any table.
So set detail is goes to the pass detail argument, company to company, quantity to quantity and where
the product ID is ID so where the ID will be matched.
So at that place, these details will be updated.
So that statement, that execute method will provide or return a value, which is one.
It will return the value one if the update is successful.
Otherwise it will return zero.
If the status is equals to is close to one, we will show that product terminated.
Otherwise, if in case of a status as equals to zero, we will show product ID not found.
After that, we will close the connection inside the cache block.
We will.
Be showing the dialog box with the message.
Then there is another method delete product to database which is having argument a string ID instead,
which we have similarly created the connection statement.
Inside the dialog we have created the statement instance using our dot, created dot.
Create a statement inside the status we have again passed the statement not execute update inside which
we have passed the argument delete from a stock where product ID will match.
So where the product ID will match in our table is stock.
So that table will be deleted.
So if the statement status is equal to one, we will show that product deleted.
If not, then when we show the product id not found.
Similarly, inside the block we will handle the exception if any occurs.
And so the dialog box with that exception.
Now after that, we have another method here for search product.
This will be used to search any product from our database.
So first of all, we have created the connection statement.
Similarly, we have created the statement instance by using create a statement.
After that, we have executed the results and we have initialized the results set instance, which will
be a statement dot execute query pass the query select extract from a stock where product ID is ID so
where the product ID will match this results service tool the result for that.
Particular productivity, if not results.
So if the results are next, will contain nothing or returning zero value or one value.
So this will show that no product, no product found with this ID.
Otherwise, if it executes successfully, then we will show the dialog box with the product ID and the
quantity of it.
So this dialog box, whenever we search the product, it will show us the.
Idea of the product and also its quantity.
After that, we will close the connection and handle the exception in the cache block.
Similarly for the search cache here, we have created the connection statement, statement instance,
and then we have executed the query with the help of results such as instance select aspect from users
where email match.
So it is taking an argument as email.
So where email will be matched, we will be executing that very similarly.
If the query cannot be executed, we will show that no cashier found.
If the query executed, we will show that that query, the email of the cashier and the password of
the cashier.
Then we will close the connection and an exception if occurs in the database.
Similarly, there is another method of boolean type return type boolean verify login which will help
us to verify log in detail which is taking a string, email and password.
First log boolean type of log in variable is set to false establish the connection with our database.
Create the statement inside the set.
We will execute the query select extract from user where email and password match.
So if the email and password match does not match successfully, then will set the login is goes to
force.
If match successfully we will set log in is close to true, then we will close the connection and inside
the client catch block.
We will show the message dialog box with the.
Exception which will get after that inside the.
Uh, a static void cashier method.
We will be adding the cashier.
Similarly, with the help of user and password.
So similarly, we have created the connection statement and a statement.
Insert values into users with the user and password and show the dialog box that cashier error successfully.
Similarly for the delete cashier, we have established the connection executed the statement.
We are delete from user where email and user email and password will match show the dialog box that
cashier deleted otherwise cashier not phone.
Then we search the product details for searching the product details.
We have initialized the connection statement and a string it set as null and quantity statement.
We have read the statement and inside the results set instance we have executed select extract from
a stock where it is ID, so where the product will match.
We will select all the details from that stock table and if the execution will not happen successfully,
then we will set it to nil.
Otherwise we will set quantity instance quantity variable to the integer parts to get a string quantity.
So by getting the quantity we will convert it into the string.
If the quantity is less than zero item is out of stock and if the quantity is greater than zero, then
we will show that.
Inside, we will show our resort in detail and it's our resort.
Get a string company.
So then we will execute the statement that update the stock set quantity to new quantity and where product
is equal to zero.
So quantity will be set in the our stock table.
After that, there is a add sale to database which is taking our object type of data variable and ArrayList
of string and which is company and a string name inside the database connection.
We will create the connection, date format and a new date.
And set the date to the string variable D inside the stable, we can create the statement for X to the
data plan.
So for the it will iterate over the data of length of the data and we will execute update vary in certain
local values with the data x accompanied or get zero d which will be data x plus three, x plus four
and name.
So that will be updated into the cell.
Company not remove zero.
So this will remove the company at the zero index.
No connection clause.
After that we will handle the exception if any occurs.
So there is another method get sale.
So this will fetch the sale.
Details from the sale table.
Add a list of string.
We will execute the seller.
Select from sale where it will match and the company will match.
After that, we will establish the connection and execute the query.
Q So this will execute the query.
Q And we will iterate over the date.
Iterate over the record of the same table and show the details like date, product, ID, company and
payment.
After that, there is another show stock, so this will be used to show a stock details.
Similarly, as we have shown the sale details.
After that there is a get product details.
So this will be showing the details of the product and updating the quantity as well.
After that, there is a search product.
So this will be showing the details of the product.
And there is an update product table also, which will be used to update the details of the product.
So this is all about the database class.
Now let's move quickly to the login class, which will be the first login class that is defined inside
the package store.
We have imported the necessary packages which will help us to create a better interface for this page.
Then we have defined the login class which is extending frame.
There is a panel, panel, a text field, a password field, two types of string login label string
error text invalid username a password, another label a button and another private label.
Inside the main function, we have executed the public run method, inside which we have created the
login instance and after that we have inside its non parameter constructor we have called the GI function.
Let's see what inside the function.
Inside your function we have set the title as login and are the properties of the iframe.
After that we have content and set the bottom of the frame and set the layout as null.
After that there is a label username.
We have set the font bound and added that to our frame.
After that there is a text field for that respective label.
Then there is a label password.
We have set font and bound of that password label.
After that we have set the text field for that particular password, then password field adding extra
listener to the password field.
So public void action button, don't do click.
So this will let us click on that button.
After that, there is a button new dot labeled as log in.
So in that button we have added the action listener.
So which will fetch the password from the password and convert it into two lowercase in the string?
Similarly, for the username and password set text is equal to null and username is goes to null.
After that, if the password and username null, then we will set the error text else.
Set the text to nil and then we will check for the username equals admin.
If the username equals admin then we will verify the login with our database method which is verify
log in and let us move the control of the programme to the admin panel if the username is not admin.
So that must be for the cashier.
So we will verify login with the username and password and open the generate voice method or the frame
which will be used for the cashier.
After that there is a button login setting the bound for the button login and adding that button to
our.
Frame after that.
Error message error type of label which will be set to null after that.
Error message for when color is read and error label bound and then error added to the frame label.
And then error is another label is to log in and set the found for that label and adding a bound for
that label.
Then we will set that label to our panel.
So this is all about the log in class.
And so in this video we have talked about the login class and the frame of the login and also the database
methods inside our DB Java file.
So that's all in this video.